No.
I really dare to come down alone and then recruit
Don't you know yet?
I have been united from the power outage
About to be divided up by China and die
Hahahahaha ah
As expected
Wangdong Yulongji
Soul will be directly killed by Blade and Soul
He really is not a dragon girl
Just a mortal
How is that possible?
Jade Dragon Sword Unsheathed
Why is there no response at all?
Didn't you hear what my brother said?
The woman forcibly drew her sword
Has been killed by the Jade Dragon Sword
The body hasn't fallen yet, has it?
You won't die, you won't die, little junior sister
I can definitely save your little sister
OK
Since you are all so sad
Then I might as well do another good deed
I will send you to meet your little sister
Murong Xuance
You don't believe what you say
You said you would let them go.
Did I say that?
Sorry, I forgot.
Hahahahaha
Die for me all